# Microsoft Cost Optimization Chatbot
This project author is: Javier García García - Jxgarci
URL: https://dev.d271viw909ddwt.amplifyapp.com/

## Architecture Explanation
AWS services used in the project:

### Amplify
Provides the front end and enables the connection between front and back end using API gateway. These directory was generated using amplify CLI commands.
Core folders:
- src: contains all the front-end components and logic.
- amplify: manages the back-end.

### API gateway
Enables the connection between front and back end. Uses POST requests containing the user input in order to interact with the chat bot.

### Lex
This service works as the core of the chat bot. Contains intents for the different microsoft services and interprets what the user is saying.

### Kendra
Part of the reference engine, it receives a user query and returns several results that match the query.

### SageMaker: HuggingFace summarization bart-large-cnn-samsum model
Part of the reference engine, it receives an input text and returns a summary of it.

### Lambda
Several functions used to manage:
- The connection from the API to the backend  (mcochatbotConvHandler).
- The Lex validation and calls to the reference engine (LexHelperFunction).
- The reference engine logic (referenceEngineHandler).

## Project structure

### public
The folder in which the main html, favicon and other public resources are contained.

### src
The folder in which the front-end elements are stored. In this folder:
    - models: amplify generated and not modified folder
    - ui-components: amplify generated and not modified folder. In this folder changes to the figma components that are syncrhonized with Amplify will be applied to the existing components.
    - ui-components-personalized: folder where custom and personalized components are stored. These are the ones connected to the published project.
    - App.css: contains all the styles applied to the personlized components.
    - App.js: where the app functioning is called.
    - ApiEndpoint.js: manages the calls to the API from the front-end. In case MCOChatbot has to be added as a widget for a website, after creating the proper interface for that widget, the backend logic can be easily called using the “sendQuery(query)” function from this file.
All other components were amplify and react auto gen
erated and not modified.

### amplify
The folder in which the back-end is stored. It was auto generated by amplify. In its README.md further explanations of the functions are contained. It must be noted that only API gateway, front-end and "mcochatbotConvHandler" are connected and managed with Amplify. Other functions are independently managed and uploaded in Lambda. In case changes are made to the project in the local development environment, the instruction “amplify publish” must be used on the console to make the changes public.